# Student Testimonials of San Diego Guitar Instructor Nikola Milic
**Article ID:** 46

"I have never worked with a more knowledgeable teacher before. Nikola's instruction has allowed my guitar playing to excell quickly and efficiently. I love the convenience of using Skype to take lessons as I don't live anywhere near Nikola, and that I cannot find a teacher who is at his skill level in my city. The different aspects of which he teaches from are making me a well rounded guitarist as not only am i learning to play the songs I want to but I'm also learning the skills at which to write great solos and rhythm parts. I highly recommend lessons with Nikola if you want to get to shredder or virtuoso level, there is no one more suited to get you there." — Christine R.

"I was an entirely self-taught guitarist and found nik after i had kind of plateau'ed at my skill level. the guy is a total pro and mentored me from being a passable, but meandering soloist, to having a concrete knowledge of scales and modes - and being able to sweep and shred through them and face melting speeds. the progress came very quickly, the lessons were always fun, and he seemed to take as much enjoyment out of my improvement as i did. my entire approach to playing leads has changed for the better. i'm complimented on my chops often and i owe him for that." — Cyrus G.

"I worked with nik a few years back and he is a really cool guy. He is very knowledgeable about the art he teaches. He isn't one of those guitar teachers that just teaches you how to play 'Mary had a little lamb'. His teaching consists of theory making everything make sense as you progress. He is an amazing guy. If you are looking for a teacher to teach you rock or any other style of guitar. This is the guy you want!" — Ayerton Z.
